THE MONDAY EMAIL
For Liv, while Henry is away. Thank you for picking this up.


WHAT THIS IS
------------
Every Monday morning CloudHenry sends out cheap flight deals. Two emails
go out, and each one goes to a different group of people:

  1. The paying members. About 225 people who pay 2.99 a month. They get
     the full list of flights for their own airport.

  2. The free list. About 2,300 people who signed up but do not pay. They
     get a different email, with 30 hand picked deals.

Everyone gets the email for the airport they chose when they signed up,
so Manchester people get Manchester flights. That happens automatically.
You do not have to pick anything.


WHAT YOU DO
-----------
Monday morning, ideally before lunch.

  Step 1. Open the app called "Windows PowerShell" from the Start menu.

  Step 2. Copy and paste this line, then press Enter:

              cd C:\Users\henne\cloudhenry

  Step 3. Copy and paste this line, then press Enter:

              .\monday.ps1

          It takes about five minutes. It builds the emails and then
          checks them. It does NOT send anything yet.

  Step 4. Read what it says on the screen.

          If the last line is EVERYTHING PASSED, carry on to step 5.

          If you see STOP anywhere, do not send. Take a photo of the
          screen and message Henry. Something is wrong with the flight
          data and it is better to skip a week than send bad prices.

  Step 5. To actually send them, paste this and press Enter:

              .\monday.ps1 -Send -SkipBuild

          It sends the paying members first, then the free list. It
          prints each airport as it goes. When it says DONE, you are
          finished for the week.

That is the whole job.


WHAT THE CHECKS ARE DOING
-------------------------
You do not need to understand these, but in case you are curious, the
script refuses to send if:

  - the flight prices are more than a day old
  - any flight in the email has already departed or is too far ahead
  - any of the flights it tests have stopped existing
  - the "join for 2.99" advert has leaked into the paying members' email,
    which would mean selling them something they already pay for

It also opens twenty real flight links at random and checks the flights
are still on sale. That is the bit that matters most. Henry cares a lot
that every button in the email goes to a real, bookable flight.


TWO THINGS TO NEVER DO
----------------------
  1. Never send from inside Ghost by clicking the green Publish button.
     Ghost defaults to "All subscribers", which would send the paying
     members' email to all 2,500 people including the 2,300 who have not
     paid. The script always picks the right group. Let it do it.

  2. Never change the prices or the wording in an email by hand. Every
     price comes from the airline that morning. If a price looks wrong,
     message Henry rather than editing it.


IF SOMETHING GOES WRONG
-----------------------
Nothing you can do here is permanent until the sending step, and the
script will not send if a check fails. If you are unsure at any point,
stop and message Henry. A week with no email is completely fine. A week
with a wrong email is not.

If the script will not run at all, or says it cannot find the Ghost key,
that is a computer problem and not something you did. Message Henry.


WHO IS WHO
----------
  Ghost        the website and the email system, cloudhenry.ghost.io
  A draft      an email that is written but not sent
  Paying / free  the two groups the emails go to

Henry is back around 16 October.
